So what I do in my career that was different for my earlier thoughts or
time thinking about going into the Navy. Hello. I personally made
up my mind to go into the Navy in the third grade on. You know, at that
point, you have a lot of romanticism. You see all the movies of
China at that time to John Wayne movies, and they follow the eccentric
center, and it looks rather noble. It is a noble service. It is a
noble calling. It is great job to go and do. But the day to day of
running a ship being with the division, Um, that is, shall we say, less
romantic. The actual day today, in and out, Um, the years seem to
There's no saying for mother about years are short, but the days are
long and so a day at sea is very long. But when you look back, they
flash by in an instant and you recall your seats. I will say, you
know one thing, you'll make a lot of good friendships along the way
along your tour. Along your career, you'll always have one or two people
that you will swear by for life that you'll still know. I know
men and women from all my ships and the line. See tours, then short
doors. Remember, you'll develop very, very fond friendships will carry
you for your lifetime.